okay here it is the end of May time for
camping season and we have a 12 or 120
volt thermal electric Coleman cooler it
is a thermal electric there is an
adapter right here which you can plug in
which as you notice right now it is
drawing 62 watts the power 62 watts of
power
it runs on 12 or 120 volts this unit
here they recommend not to use any ice
in here
I'm sure if you put it in a plastic
container the ice and don't get any
water in here you'd be fine but they
want you to use these refrigerator
cooler ice packs which you can freeze
and put in here they also recommend you
to put your food in cold when you do put
it in um it does take about 8 hours to
get your food cool and what I can say is
if it's unplugged it will last about 2
days 2 days with the door closed and
they'll keep food cold the door is real
thick on this look of size of this
thickness of this door you could put a
30-pack in here it will fit in here and
nicely and adjustable shelves which is
pretty nice and they do recommend you
once a year to take this cover off and
vacuum it out there's four screws in
here
vacuum the thermoelectric cooler cover
off cover take the cover off and vacuum
it out underneath there's a nice fan
blow in the warm air out of here
really cool unit it runs around 88
dollars just want to pick up that
Walmart for about eighty eight bucks
running on 12 volts they recommend or
that's telling you that it draws about
four and a half to five amps I believe
on 12 volts so um that is the Coleman
thermoelectric cooler